What are you nervous about?
I don't know why I got nervous
Help! Why do I want to see him so much?
Could it be that you have grown celery and your heart has also grown up?
Sucho
Ah come here
Let you charge it.
Well, it's okay, no need.
Your body is just right
That I remember I have something else to do
I'll go out first, you rest first, ah?
Regarding the divorce certificate
I have found the calligraphy for you.
But that's the first half.
I don't know who took the second half away.
Mr. Qu
Do you know what it's like to like someone?
You mean Shen Xiuji?
I wasn't passionate before.
I think Shen Xiujing is nice to me
Just to take advantage of me
But I just know now
In fact, he really likes me
He was even willing to be cramped for me
But I don't know if I'm right
What kind of emotion does he have?
Is grateful
Or pity?
It can't be love anyway